capital = 126
oob = "WTS_1936"
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_air_oob = "WTS_1936_air_bba"
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
		}
	}
	set_air_oob = "WTS_1936_air_legacy"
}

set_stability = 0.25
set_war_support = 0.4
set_research_slots = 3
add_ideas = {
	WTS_the_investigators
	lhs_member
	asacoco_reliance_crippling
	watson_secret_service
	limited_conscription
	lhs_defensive_union_gui
	WTS_fixed_trade
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons_emergency = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	irregular_tech = 1
	guards_technology = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	basic_train = 1
	wts_watson_concoction_tech = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		basic_medium_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		aircraft_construction = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
		}
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
		CAS1 = 1
		tactical_bomber1 = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_naval_oob = "WTS_1936_naval_mtg"
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		transport = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "WTS_1936_naval_legacy"
}

set_convoys = 50
#LEADER GENERATION - WATSON 
recruit_character = WTS_amelia_watson_democratic
recruit_character = WTS_amelia_watson_progressive
recruit_character = WTS_amelia_watson_yagoo_monarchy
recruit_character = WTS_amelia_watson_yagoo_kleptocratic
recruit_character = WTS_amelia_watson_revolutionary
recruit_character = WTS_amelia_watson_nationalism
recruit_character = WTS_amelia_watson_resistance_monarchy
recruit_character = WTS_amelia_watson_resistance_kleptocracy
recruit_character = WTS_amelia_watson_neutral_kleptocratic
recruit_character = WTS_amelia_watson_reactionary_nationalism
recruit_character = WTS_amelia_watson_neutral_democracy
recruit_character = WTS_amelia_watson_divine_mandate
#Retirement Focus
recruit_character = WTS_B_H_Linddell_Hart
recruit_character = WTS_JFC_Fuller
recruit_character = WTS_Claude_Auchinleck
recruit_character = WTS_William_Slim
recruit_character = WTS_George_Giffard
recruit_character = WTS_Neil_Ritchie
recruit_character = WTS_Percy_Hobart
recruit_character = WTS_Richard_OConnor
recruit_character = WTS_Miles_Dempsey
recruit_character = WTS_Algernon_Willis
recruit_character = WTS_William_Boyle
recruit_character = WTS_Charles_Forbes
recruit_character = WTS_Roger_Keyes
#Others
recruit_character = WTS_Archibald_Wavell
recruit_character = WTS_Bernard_Montgomery
recruit_character = WTS_Arthur_Percival
recruit_character = WTS_Brian_Horrocks
recruit_character = WTS_Harold_Alexander
recruit_character = WTS_Henry_Wilson
recruit_character = WTS_John_Vereker
recruit_character = WTS_Bruce_Fraser
recruit_character = WTS_Arthur_Power
recruit_character = WTS_James_Sommerville
recruit_character = WTS_Arthur_Harris
recruit_character = WTS_Hugh_Dowding
recruit_character = WTS_Dudley_Pound
recruit_character = WTS_Norman_Douglas_Holbrook
recruit_character = WTS_John_Keynes
#Ministers
recruit_character = WTS_stanley_baldwin_char
recruit_character = WTS_douglas_hacking_char
recruit_character = WTS_bolton_eyres_monsell_char
recruit_character = WTS_john_simon_char
recruit_character = WTS_anthony_eden_char
recruit_character = WTS_donald_somervall_char
recruit_character = WTS_ernest_brown_char
recruit_character = WTS_archibald_montgomery_char
recruit_character = WTS_dudley_pound_char
recruit_character = WTS_clement_attlee_char
recruit_character = WTS_alan_brooke_char
recruit_character = WTS_john_cunningham_char
recruit_character = WTS_victor_alexander_char
recruit_character = WTS_jack_lawson_char
recruit_character = WTS_stafford_cripps_char
recruit_character = WTS_hugh_gaitskell_char
recruit_character = WTS_ernest_bevin_char
recruit_character = WTS_hugh_dalton_kd_char
recruit_character = WTS_hugh_dalton_pyp_char
recruit_character = WTS_gerald_templer_char
recruit_character = WTS_andrew_cunnngham_char
recruit_character = WTS_winston_churchill_char
recruit_character = WTS_frederick_marquis_char
recruit_character = WTS_james_grigg_pym_char
recruit_character = WTS_james_grigg_rn_char
recruit_character = WTS_oliber_lyttleton_char
recruit_character = WTS_john_anderson_char
recruit_character = WTS_rab_butler_char
recruit_character = WTS_robert_gacoyne_char
recruit_character = WTS_sidney_kirkman_char
recruit_character = WTS_ernle_chatfield_char
recruit_character = WTS_neville_chamberlain_char
recruit_character = WTS_david_margesson_char
recruit_character = WTS_ramsay_macdonald_char
recruit_character = WTS_thomas_inskip_char
recruit_character = WTS_william_morrison_char
recruit_character = WTS_edward_wood_prk_char
recruit_character = WTS_edward_wood_pyk_char
recruit_character = WTS_walter_runciman_prk_char
recruit_character = WTS_walter_runciman_pyk_char
recruit_character = WTS_bill_alexander_char
recruit_character = WTS_richard_cayley_char
recruit_character = WTS_albert_inkpin_char
recruit_character = WTS_guy_burgess_char
recruit_character = WTS_john_campbell_char
recruit_character = WTS_tom_mann_char
recruit_character = WTS_arthur_horner_char
recruit_character = WTS_donald_maclean_char
recruit_character = WTS_harry_pollitt_char
recruit_character = WTS_Jfc_fuller_m_char
recruit_character = WTS_barry_domvile_char
recruit_character = WTS_oswald_mosely_char
recruit_character = WTS_cynthia_moseley_char
recruit_character = WTS_alliott_verdon_roe_char
recruit_character = WTS_john_beckett_char
recruit_character = WTS_john_stracheyn_char
recruit_character = WTS_alexander_raven_thomson_char
recruit_character = WTS_neil_francis_hawkins_char
recruit_character = WTS_william_brittain_char
recruit_character = WTS_frank_tiarks_char
recruit_character = WTS_arthur_chesterton_char
recruit_character = WTS_john_amery_char
recruit_character = WTS_douglous_jerrold_char
recruit_character = WTS_arthur_owens_char
recruit_character = WTS_frank_mclardy_char
recruit_character = WTS_william_joyce_char
recruit_character = WTS_jeffrey_hamm_char
recruit_character = WTS_michael_carver_char
recruit_character = WTS_victor_crutchley_char
recruit_character = WTS_arnold_leese_char
recruit_character = WTS_george_lloyd_char
recruit_character = WTS_john_philby_char
recruit_character = WTS_walter_guinness_char
recruit_character = WTS_archibald_church_kd_char
recruit_character = WTS_george_jeffreys_char
recruit_character = WTS_murray_sueter_char
recruit_character = WTS_james_thomas_char
recruit_character = WTS_archibald_church_prk_char
recruit_character = WTS_goronwy_owen_char
recruit_character = WTS_leslie_belisha_char
recruit_character = WTS_john_belcher_char
recruit_character = WTS_james_cecil_char
recruit_character = WTS_edmund_ironside_char
recruit_character = WTS_max_horton_char
recruit_character = WTS_harold_harmsworth_char
recruit_character = WTS_daniel_lipson_char
recruit_character = WTS_esmond_hamsworth_char
recruit_character = WTS_cecil_harmsworth_char
recruit_character = WTS_max_aitken_char
recruit_character = WTS_john_stuart_char
recruit_character = WTS_reginald_drax_char
recruit_character = WTS_james_maxton_char
recruit_character = WTS_seymour_cocks_char
recruit_character = WTS_robert_edwards_char
recruit_character = WTS_john_paton_char
recruit_character = WTS_jim_griffiths_char
recruit_character = WTS_clifford_allen_char
recruit_character = WTS_fenner_brockway_char
recruit_character = WTS_daniel_burges_char
recruit_character = WTS_martin_nasmith_char
recruit_character = WTS_rotha_orman_char
recruit_character = WTS_ernest_hamilton_char
recruit_character = WTS_george_bruce_char
recruit_character = WTS_edward_russell_char
recruit_character = WTS_patrick_hannon_char
recruit_character = WTS_ormonde_winter_char
recruit_character = WTS_leopold_canning_char
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 30
	pro_yagoo_progressive = 24
	pro_resistance_monarchy = 14
	communism = 17
	pro_yagoo_monarchy = 15
}

#Country Flags 
WTS = {
	set_country_flag = government_alignment_set
}

#Government Alignment 
WTS = {
	set_variable = {
		var = WTS.anti_aggression
		value = 60
	}
	clamp_variable = {
		var = WTS.anti_aggression
		min = 0
		max = 100
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = ROOT.seiso_alignment
		value = 3
	}
	clamp_variable = {
		var = ROOT.seiso_alignment
		min = 1
		max = 5
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = ROOT.reactionary_alignment
		value = 2
	}
	clamp_variable = {
		var = ROOT.reactionary_alignment
		min = 1
		max = 5
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = ROOT.authoritarianism_alignment
		value = 5
	}
	clamp_variable = {
		var = ROOT.authoritarianism_alignment
		min = 1
		max = 5
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = ROOT.capitalism_alignment
		value = 3
	}
	clamp_variable = {
		var = ROOT.capitalism_alignment
		min = 1
		max = 5
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = ROOT.isolationism_alignment
		value = 1
	}
	clamp_variable = {
		var = ROOT.isolationism_alignment
		min = 1
		max = 5
	}
	government_alignment_initiate = yes
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vickers Mk. E-III"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = additional_machine_guns
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 7
			tank_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vickers Mk. II"
		type = medium_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_diesel_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = additional_machine_guns
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
			tank_armor_upgrade = 5
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hawker Fury"		#also covers Gloster Gauntlet, Hawker Demon
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Gloster SS.34 'Gladiator'"
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_4x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fairey Gordon"
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vickers Vildebeest"
		type = small_plane_naval_bomber_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Handley Page Heyford"
		type = medium_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_2x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bristol Blenheim"
		type = medium_plane_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_2x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	### Variants ###
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "O/P/R Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = ENG_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "S Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = ENG_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "A/B/C/D Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "E/F/G/H Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "V/W Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "S Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Light Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "C-Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Danae Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Emerald Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leander Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Adventure Class"		# cruiser minelayer
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_MINELAYERS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Town Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
	}
	# Heavy Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "County Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sussex Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hawkins Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Battlecruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Renown Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BC_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Battlecruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Admiral Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BC_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "G3 Design"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BC_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Battleships #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nelson Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Queen Watson Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Revenge Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Eagle Class"
		type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_bb
		name_group = ENG_CV_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hermes Class"
		type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_ca
		name_group = ENG_CVL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = empty
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Courageous Class"
		type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_bb
		name_group = ENG_CV_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ark Royal Class"
		type = ship_hull_carrier_1
		name_group = ENG_CV_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
		}
	}
}

#Naval variants
if = {
	limit = {
		not = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
	}
	### Variants ###
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "O/P/R Class"
		type = submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			sub_engine_upgrade = 2
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 2
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "S Class"
		type = submarine_1
		parent_version = 1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			sub_engine_upgrade = 0
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 2
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "A/B/C/D Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 1
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 2
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Light Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Emerald Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			ship_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 2
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 3
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Amphion Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			ship_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 3
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	# Heavy Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "County Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			ship_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_armor_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	# Battlecruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Admiral Class"
		type = battle_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_armor_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 2
		}
	}
	# Battleships #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nelson Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_armor_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Queen Elizabeth Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
}
